what's going on everyone John render
from technobuffalo hey and welcome back
to the pisode of rettinger riffs today
is the first of april we are officially
in quarter to of 2015 so i thought with
a new quarter we could try a new show
format so we're going to do a few mini
episodes inside of one big episode and
that's how we're going to start doing
riffs moving forward it's gonna get
started so when I was at apple's keynote
last month they announced a ton of new
products highlighted I think by the new
macbooks of course more information
about the Apple watch one that kind of
went under the radar we didn't get any
hands-on was apple's latest edible
product this is the sliced fruit it is a
fiji apple slice we're gonna do a first
taste of apple's latest and this is a
genuine apple product so the package i
made of a almost an aluminum type of
pouch it's got a easy tear package i
really made it simple designed by Apple
in California coincidentally i'll go
ahead and tear this open very satisfying
tearing noise we'll go ahead and and
pull one out other several slices in
here of varying size we'll go ahead and
see it looks like it's made of a single
piece of apple which is nice able to
machine that down to just one we'll go
ahead and give it a taste here we go
nice crunch yeah apple ii you should be
good in space yeah yeah I could see
myself eating these so we've been doing
unboxings for years but times are
changing unboxings were sooo 2014 2015
is all about the re unboxing who cares
what it's like to take some out of a box
what's it like to clean up your mess
afterwards so we've got the galaxy s6
edge here we've got all the booklets
they go inside of this little pouch will
put those back in I'll see if they fit
it's hard to get always get them back
see if I get that satisfying noise when
you drop paper inside of cardboard there
it is very satisfying I will take this
part off we'll put the quick charger
back we'll put the mic USB cable back
we'll put the headphones back this crazy
guy the similar move real tool put that
back this whole box will
it in here we'll put the phone on top
we'll put this on and boom galaxy s6
edge Reeboks it's obvious this is a
portable product something you're going
to want to carry with you I'm not a big
case guy like my products usually pretty
naked so once the cialis is going to
perform during a simple drop test so
we'll take one of the pieces out a
simple piece that you get really firm
from any bag and we'll see how it does
ready and this one one now is just from
normal height now we'll do it from super
arm high height all right let's take a
look at them and see how they did one
piece I was so pretty nice it actually
was able to survive the drop so you know
if we take on these with you need drop
but I think you'll be okay the one that
we went a little bit higher on still
looks okay a few scratches on the front
and back but not too bad you can still
enjoy this um you know as you would as
if you didn't drop it Lexus has really
been trying to revamp their entire
lineup make it more gear to a younger
audience and highlighting that
transition is the hot coupe the RCF we
had a chance to a first drive of it so
nothing be talking let me show you what
it's like to drive the lexus RC f
all right to the ride on the RC F is a
little bit cramped and it feels almost
mechanical a suspension seems a little
bit on the weak side here you can feel
absolutely every single bump and I'm
happy that it's got satellite radio but
I'm not that in 10 is really necessary
so I know I've gotten in trouble in the
past for doing donuts but i don't know
let's give it another shot so we already
took a look at the green sliced apples
but green is not the only colors offered
and so i thought i would pick up every
color that these are available and to
show you which one you know you guys
might want to pick up so here we've got
yellow you can see the differences here
between the two it's green and it's
yellow they both say real sliced fruit
this one says Fuji apple slices one says
pineapple and strawberry slices you're
gonna get a little bit more variety in
each so for real quick size comparison
here it is next to the iphone 6 plus i
can see almost the same length but
certainly the sliced fruit is a little
bit on the thicker side you know you'd
figure as a new product apple try and
thin it down but it does have a fanless
design and because i know everybody's
going to yell at me I didn't bring in
any Android I here is the galaxy s6 edge
so you can see the size comparison here
between the two and we'll put this right
in the middle so we'll make a make a
sandwich so to speak out of these guys
Oh